---
title: Projects
---

# Projects

I post photos with varying consistency on
[Flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/icco/) &
[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/probablynatwelch/). I try to be
randomly clever on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/icco). I publish code
on [Github](https://github.com/icco). Below are some of my favorite
projects that I have or am working on. This list does not include any
projects which are not open source. Please see my
[resume](https://resume.natwelch.com/) for work projects I have been a
part of.

## GraphQL

GraphQL is my server for storing data for use in my projects. It is
hosted at [graphql.natwelch.com](https://graphql.natwelch.com/) and the
code is at [github.com/icco/graphql](https://github.com/icco/graphql).

## ReportD

ReportD is a service to send
[report-to](https://developers.google.com/web/updates/2018/09/reportingapi)
reports to. If you use
[CSP](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Content-Security-Policy),
[NEL](https://www.w3.org/TR/network-error-logging/),
[HPKP](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Public-Key-Pins),
[Expect-CT](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Expect-CT)
or other tools that support the [Web Reporting
API](https://www.w3.org/TR/reporting/), you can use this as a target.

## Inspiration

[Inspiration](https://mood.natwelch.com/) is a somewhat defunct project
to generate a dynamic mood board based off of my personal interests. It
still works but most of the datasources are no longer generating fresh
content.

## Fog

I am a core contributor to [Fog](http://fog.io/), a ruby library for
talking to various cloud libraries in a consistent manor.

## GoTak

[GoTak](https://gotak.app/) is an application written in Go for playing
[Tak](https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/197405/tak) online. It
provides an api for games, moves, and a library for parsing
[PTN](https://web.archive.org/web/20190508064910/https://www.reddit.com/r/Tak/wiki/portable_tak_notation).

## Tab Archive

[Tab Archive](https://tab-archive.app/) is a browser extension for
closing and archiving your tabs.

Nat Welch | Projects
